Welcome to the EPL Fantasy League 
Fantasy League football is the worlds biggest fantasy league. Each week millions of fans around the world compete against their league rivals in a bid to win great prizes the league title. We are here to help you get started. From picking your team to daily and weekly tactics EPL fan zone will help crown you champions.  Ever wanted to manage a football team, but never had the opportunity? Draft Fantasy Football is the perfect opportunity to show off your managerial skills. In Draft Fantasy Football, every manager in your league picks a unique team of players in what is known as "The Draft". The Draft progresses in turns with each manager picking a player on his turn until everyone has a full squad.

Getting Started
The first thing to do is sign up and create or join a league. Once you're in a league, you can pick which players you'd like to prioritize for the draft in case you're not around. This is known as your auto pick list. Next comes the draft which is when you actually pick your squad. It goes in turns with a time limit per turn. Once the draft is over, you can select your lineup and when the season starts, you'll earn points for each of your players based on their weekly performances. You can change your starting lineup and make trades throughout the year.

Leagues
We offer both classic and head to head leagues, as well as private and public leagues.
Classic Leagues: In classic leagues teams are ranked based on the total number of points scored by their players throughout the season.
Head To Head Leagues: In head to head leagues each team plays against another opponent each week of the season. Just like the Premier League, a win is worth 3 points, a draw is worth 1 point, and a loss is worth 0 points.
Private Leagues: Private leagues work the same way as public leagues except they require a password to join them. Private leagues also allow the league creator to manually start the draft with the click of a button. Public leagues start automatically at a given date. Also, settings for private leagues can be changed before the draft starts, whereas the settings in public leagues can't be changed.

Picking a well balanced team.
This refers to both price and teams. Teams: Selecting your FPL team from a range of teams ensures you are well covered in the event that one side does particularly well or badly in any given weekend. Price: Ensure that the selection of 1-3 high price players is not at the expense of the rest of your team. It is important that not only 1-3 players are relied upon to score all of your points. If there is an injury, or if the players form drops, it can hurt your points in a big way.

