This exercise will assess your understanding of:
1. how to style text using CSS;
2. implementing custom fonts via Google Fonts;
3. how to get colors, measurements, and font sizes from a Photo-Shop document (.psd).
Using the 960px center page framework that we developed together in class, you will build a website from the provided .psd wire-frame.

Build Steps

Setup
1. Download all of the provided files. Open your Photo-Shop document (wire-frame.psd).

Typography
2. Find and implement the required Google Fonts, including the appropriate weights and styles. These include:
    Libre Baskerville: 400 weight (regular); 700 weight (bold).
    Libre Franklin: 400 weight (regular); italic.
NOTE: This has also already been done. You are given all of the HTML which includes
the code to download the proper fonts from google fonts.


Set the font-family property for all of the typographic elements on your page.

Note: Libre Baskerville is a serif font; Libre Franklin is a sans-serif font.


3. Using the Eyedropper Tool [ I ] and the Color Picker in Photo-Shop, determine the background color for the body element. This has been done and the color is #F0EFED


4. Using the Type Tool [ T ] in Photo-Shop, determine the font size for each typographic element.


5. Using the Type Tool [ T ] in Photo-Shop, determine the font color for each typographic element. This has been done and the results are in the styles.css file


6. Set the font-style property for any typographic elements that need to be italic.


7. Set the font-weight property for any typographic elements that need to be bold.


8. On your body, center all of your typographic and inline elements by setting the text-align property. You will also need to do this for your .byline class and your footer.


9. Set the text-align property for all of your paragraph elements to left.

10. Using your Layers Panel [ Window > Layers ], find all of the icons that you need. Using the most appropriate file format, save/export them to your img folder.
Hint: your icons should have transparent backgrounds so they should be .png.
NOTE: This has already been done. All the icons are in the img folder.

Layout

11. Using CSS, apply the following distances:


* 96 pixels from the top of the page (browser window / viewport) to your first-level heading;
* 96 pixels between any element and the top of your second-level headings;
* 24 pixels of padding between any element and the bottom of your third-level headings;
* 24 pixels of space between any element and the bottom of your fourth-level headings;
* 12 pixels of space after the end of each paragraph;
* 48 pixels of space between the top and bottom of your .intro paragraph;
* 24 pixels of space between the top and bottom of all images; and
* 96 pixels of space between the main and footer elements.

You can double-check these distances in Photo-Shop using the Ruler Tool [ I ].