(Lab) CSS Menu Styles
Navigation Styles Lab
Weight: 5%


This Lab will assess your understanding of:


1. how to style text using CSS;
2. implementing custom fonts via Google Fonts;
3. exporting images from Photoshop for use on the web;
4. how to get colours, measurements, and font sizes from a Photoshop document (.psd);
5. measuring distances in a Photoshop wireframe and mapping them to different parts of the box model; and
6. using flexbox to recreate a horizontal menu layout.


Using the 960px center page framework that we developed together in class, you will build a website from the provided .psd wireframe. This website will be similar to the vertical and horizontal menu layouts that you completed with your instructor in class.





Build Steps


Setup


1. Download all of the provided files. Open your Photoshop document (wireframe.psd).


2. Using your Layers Panel [ Window > Layers ], find all of the images that you need. Using the most appropriate file format, save/export them to your img folder.

Hint: your logo should have a transparent background.


Typography


3. Find and implement the required Google Fonts, including the appropriate font weights.


Set the font-family property for all of the typographic elements on your page.

Note: the required fonts for this web page are serif fonts.


4. Using the Type Tool [ T ] in Photoshop, determine the font size for each typographic element.


5. Set the font-style property for any typographic elements that need to be italic.


6. Set the font-weight property for any typographic elements that need to be heavier.


7. Determine the text alignment for all of your typographic elements.


8. Using the Eyedropper Tool [ I ], the Type Tool [T], and the Color Picker in Photoshop, determine the colours for each typographic element.


9. Determine the distance below each typographic element and write it as a CSS declaration.


Layout


10. Apply your CSS background image and background colours.


11. Determine which elements need to be laid out side-by-side; these will be your flex items. Then, determine which elements are their direct parents; these will be your flex containers.


Hint: for a close approximation of what your horizontal menu styles will look like, refer to (Demo) Horizontal Menu.


12. Determine the distance between elements using the Ruler Tool [ I ]. Translate them into CSS declarations.